# Google Trends data
## Script for collecting a Google Trends monthly, weekly and daily for any keywords (here it is "Bitcoin") since any date till the current day.
The task is to get the google search trend data for any keywords, for instance, Bitcoin keyword. I was not familiar with how to do it and neither I have work on similar task. So, I have googled it and looked few videos and came to know about the python library pytrends. Initially it was not working for me when I was changing the year, and I spend about 2 hours to debug that and look for various information on google. I have also tried to look for any other alternate library but I didn't liked most of them. May be because I was looking for python library, and there is another good library in R may be better than this. Then after more research and debugging the pytrend library for around a hour and half, I have saw it working with the different range of date, and giving the data according to the range of data. At the same moment the idea came up in mind and wrote the code and tested it. The idea is simple to use the while loop to break the time in different segments to get the different time. With the approach, various trials and the result achieved, I settled on this idea.

## script to convert the relative data which on different scale for different time frame to a single common scale for the entire time frame.
The data downloaded from Google trends is scaled between 0 - 100 for each time frame we requested. Due to scaling we don't have the actual numbers and we have to use the relative trends. This means that the same values in any two different time frame (week or hour) is much different in absolute terms, and we can't use these numbers directly for the time-series forcasting. So, the main problem here is to use the data to generate relative values on the same scale along the entire time frame. So, I have used the monthly values as a main reference along the entire time period and this trend scale is further transferred to weekly and then the hourly data. For instance, there is total 40 trend value for any month, then according to the weekly distribution for that month, 40 trend value is divided along each week, and further down the line those weekly values are divided among the hourly values using the hourly data. Now, for each step to find the distribution of data based on the total sum, I have divided each number with the total sum of data for that time frame which is basically percentage contribution from that value. From the plots generated at the end, it is clearly visible that the trend data is uniformly transferred down the line and relative trend on hourly basis is generated on a single scale for entire time frame, and it can be directly use for the time series forecasting.
